1) Import all necessary utilities and set them up (ie: Scanner and Decimal Format)
2) Output purpose: "Welcome to the Smart ATM, where we're smart with money so you don't have to be!"
3) Ask user for their name: "Esteemed user, please enter your name: "
4) Store the name in the variable name
5) Set initial_balance to 212.90 and balance equal to initial_balance
6) Set the string choice to ""
7) While user did not enter "L" in choice
  a) Ask the user what they would like to do: "What would you like to do, " + name + ": D - Deposit, W - Withdraw, C - Check Balance, or L - Leave"
  b) Store value in choice
  c) If they chose "D"
  // This is all in an error check
    I) Ask how much they would like to deposit: "How much would you like to deposit?"
    II) Store value in deposit
  //
    III) Add the deposit value to balance
    IV) Output new balance: "Your new balance is: " + balance
  d) Otherwise, if they chose "W"
  // This is all in an error check
    I) Ask how much they would like to deposit: "How much would you like to withdrawal?"
    II) Store value in withdraw
  //
    III) If balance minus withdraw is less than zero
        A) Output error message: "You cannot take that amount of money as you have insufficient funds!"
        B) Set withdraw to 0
    III) Subtract the withdrawal value to balance
    IV) Output new balance: "Your new balance is: " + balance
  e) Otherwise, if they chose "C"
    I) Output balance: "Your current balance is: " + balance
  f) Otherwise, if they chose "L"
    I) Output thank you: "Thanks for using our services!"
  g) Otherwise,
    I) Output that it was invalid: "That was not a valid option, please try again"
8) Ask user if they would like a receipt: "Would you like a receipt (P - Printed, E - Emailed) " 
9) Store answer in receipt
10) If the balance is less than initial_balance
  a) Output withdrawal amount: "You withdrew " + fmt.format((initial_balance - balance)) + " dollars!"
11) Otherwise if the balance is greater than initial_balance
  a) Output deposit amount: "You deposited " + fmt.format((balance - initial_balance)) + " dollars!"
12) Otherwise
  a) Output: "You neither added nor took any money!"
13) If receipt equals "P"
  a) Output print statement: "Please take the printed receipt! Have a great day!"
14) Otherwise if receipt equals "E""
  a) Output email statement: "Please look at the emailed receipt! Have a great day!"
15) Otherwise
  a) Output: "No receipt, no problem! Have a great day!"
